Template Update For Infra Update `v6` (#33)
ACCESS-NRI/model-deployment-template: README.md

Reviewer: Worth adding the swizzo spack-packages and speck-config badges as well?

Author: Was going to do that in a separate PR, but done here in https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/model-deployment-template/pull/33/commits/39141d0a94d30fff526d39dfd6f6b2412e974f3d

Reviewer: So nice! You can do a separate PR if you want.

Could the badges can be clickable and link to the relevant repo/tag?

Author: See https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/model-deployment-template/issues/34#issuecomment-3190248057

I tried using the `links` field, and it took me to a link with just the badge, then I clicked on that badge, and it sent me to the appropriate link. A bit of a weird flow, which is probably why they don't allow it.

* Reminder that these workflows use `vars.NAME` (as well as inherit the above environment secrets) and hence these must be set.
* If the name of the root SBD for the model (in [`spack-packages`](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/spack-packages/tree/main/packages)) is different from the model name (for example, `ACCESS-ESM1.5`s root SBD is `access-esm1p5`), you must uncomment and set the `jobs.[pr-ci|pr-comment|pr-closed].with.root-sbd` line to the appropriate SBD name.
* Set `inputs.config-versions-schema-version` to an appropriate version of the [`config/versions.json` schema](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/schema/tree/main/au.org.access-nri/model/deployment/config/versions).
* Set `inputs.config-packages-schema-version` to an appropriate version of the [`config/packages.json` schema](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/schema/tree/main/au.org.access-nri/model/deployment/config/packages).

> * Set `inputs.spack-manifest-schema-version` to an appropriate version of the [ACCESS-NRI-style `spack.yaml` schema](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/schema/tree/main/au.org.access-nri/model/spack/environment/deployment).

Reviewer: If set this above, wording could be "check version is appropriate/latest".

Author: Done in https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/model-deployment-template/pull/33/commits/dbd00f41b6b28b4986d8c6531e78bf2be69c89a5

* `.provenance`: If components of a model are to be kept track of in the release provenance database, their package names must be added to this list. They will also be injected into the `spack.modules.tcl.default` section of the manifest.
* `.injection`: If packages need to be injected automatically in the manifest, their package names must be added to this list.

#### In `.github/CODEOWNERS`

* By default, @CodeGat will be pinged for review for infrastructure changes.

> * Maintainers can set CODEOWNERs of the `spack.yaml` manifest so they are pinged when changes are proposed to that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Maintainers should set CODEOWNERs of the `spack.yaml` manifest to ensure all affected teams are consulted when changes are proposed to that file.
```
